(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Melissa)
We're moving up
to the next matchup...
Shinji Weber vs
Yuya Sakaki!
She what?
(man)
She's gone, sir.
So far there's
no trace of her.
(Roget)
After that impact,
there's no way she could have
gotten away on her own.
♪
Let's duel!
(Yuya)
Every second counts...
Zuzu needs me.
I Synchro Summon...
Battlewasp‐‐
Azusa The Ghost Bow!
(Melissa)
Un‐bee‐lieveable!
That's one mighty
monster.
It'll be tough
to tangle with!
Just like me and
my fellow Commons!
Stand up, Commonsand
join the battle!
Unite and fight!
Fight for the future
of our freedom!
(loud cheering)
Azusa The Ghost Bow,
attack Salutiger!
(Yuya)
This is bad!
If he keeps this up and
I lose this duel,
I'll never be
able to help Zuzu!
♪
Yuya!
Hey!
Sora!
Huh? That must mean...
Zuzu's gotta
be safe!
That's a load off
my mind!
Sorry, Shinji.
but I'm gonna
win this duel.
And win the crowd!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
You're going down,
just like the Topsiders!
I activate the spell card
Revival Swarm!
It lets me revive a Battlewasp
from my graveyard!
And just like how
my monster resurrected,
it shows how our rebellion
can never be wiped out!
The rebellion starts now!
And when we
pull this off,
our Topsider "friends" are
gonna find out what it's
like
to be treated
as bottom dwellers!
Sure sounds like Shinji
thinks he's dueling
in the "Un‐friendship Cup!"
Look I understand
why you're angry, Shinji.
But pitting Commons and
Topsiders against each other
isn't gonna fix anything!
If you really want to
change this world,
then you've gotta
bring 'em together,
not tear 'em apart.
Oh, please, that's easy
for you to say.
But you never had to survive
by eating
someone else's scraps
for breakfast,
lunch and dinner.
We're hungry, Yuya,
hungry for a rebellion!
Aah.
(Crow)
Man, I know Shinji and I
have had it rough
all these years,
but a rebellion?
I don't know about that.
But maybe that's the way
it's gotta be.
Like back in the day,
when the whole City,
Topsiders and Commons alike,
stood behind Jack
when he became champ,
I was stoked!
Imagine,
those hoity‐toity Topsiders
supporting a guy
who came from Commons!
I hoped things
were gonna change!
But they didn't.
It's like Jack thinks
he's a Topsider himself.
So I hate to say it,
but maybe Shinji's way
is the right way...
that we need a rebellion.
But I don't know.
If we work together,
we can win!
Sure, some of you
might be thinking
that the rebellion
won't work.
You're thinking, "What can
one person do to cause
change?
It's hopeless."
But I say you're wrong!
Little changes
can lead to big changes!
No matter how small, like
my tiny Pin the Bullseye!
Sure, it's
special ability
only deals a measly
200 points of damage,
but if I have three of them,
it deals a significant blow!
Unh!
(Melissa)
Those wasps make
one honey of a team!
Their stingers managed to sap
600 life points from Yuya!
(Sam)
Come on, Yuya.
Do something.
I need some bug spray
or something,
cause if those Wasps
keep stinging me like that,
I'm a goner.
Get ready,
'cause I'm unleashing
something so destructive
that the sting of defeat
will resonate
long after this duel's over!
Azusa the Ghost Bow
tunes my three Bullseyes!
That way,
I can give my offense
a crowd‐buzzing boost!
♪
I Synchro Summon!
Battlewasp‐‐
Hama the Conquering Bow!
Just when I thought things
couldn't get worse...
they do!
♪
See? Joining
together is the key!
If we're united, the
Topsiders can't stop us!
Shinji's got the momentum
and the upper hand
and with the crowd behind him,
there's no stopping him.
Unity is strength!
We have the power
to change this world
if we all work as one!
If you don't believe me,
look at
Hama the Conquering Bow!
(crowd cheering)
(chanting)
Shinji! Shinji! Shinji! Shinji!
Shinji! Shinji! Shinji!
(Sam)
All this anger
against the Topsiders
has been building up
for a long time,
and now Shinji
is tapping into it!
♪
(Gale)
At this rate,
a riot will break out
before this duel
is even finished!
(chuckles)
All bark and no bite.
This isn't the first time
the Commons have threatened
to revolt.
But they never have
the nerve to follow through.
So let them vent their anger
if it makes them feel better.
By tomorrow, everything
will be back to normal.
It's all falling into place.
After I seal this win,
every last Common
will join me!
♪
Hama, the hunt is on!
Take out Silver Claw!
(Melissa)
Losing that Silver Claw
is gonna be costly for Yuya,
especially in
life points!
And Hama will keep on
coming after you!
Thanks to
its special ability,
it can shrink the attack
points of your monster
by the amount
of damage you just took!
And the fun
doesn't stop there,
'cause Hama can attack
twice in one turn!
♪
Time to make
your Timebreaker
Magician disappear!
This attack will mark
the end of our duel
and the beginning of
the Commons rebellion!
(crowd cheering)
(Shinji)
Time to make
your Timebreaker
Magician disappear!
This attack will mark
the end of our duel
and the beginning of
the Commons rebellion!
(crowd cheering)
(Melissa)
This duel's done!
It's over!
(man gasps)
Yuya lost.
(Melissa)
I'll be!
I was wrong!
The duel isn't over!
But my attack hit!
I saw it!
And I saw to it that your
Hama's arrow missed its mark!
By sending Performapal
Inflater Tapir to the graveyard,
its special ability saved me!
Aah... Shinji
almost had him.
♪
(Sam)
Yuya still has a chance.
You bought yourself
a little time.
However, you couldn't buy
yourself more life points!
I'll finish you
on my next turn.
Your move.
(Yuya)
It's not gonna be easy...
But I have to rally back!
This is bigger
than one duel now.
I have to win this and unite
the people of this world...
just like Zuzu tried to do.
Here I go!
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm activating Match Pump!
It lets me draw a card
from my deck,
and if it's a Level 4 or below
monster, I can summon it,
but if it's not,
I have to banish it!
It's a pretty risky move,
but there's no better way
to entertain a crowd.
I have to make this draw count,
'cause if I draw
a Pendulum Monster,
it gets destroyed and I have to
send it to my Extra Deck.
But, if I do draw
a Pendulum Monster,
then Extra Slinger will be able
to deal more damage.
♪
I draw!
I drew...
Tuning Magician?
♪
Come on, Yuya,
make your move!
You asked for it.
I summon Tuning Magician
in defense mode!
(laughing)
It's the card I gave Yuya!
(Sam)
But it's worthless.
I didn't give it to Yuya
to use it in a duel.
He's supposed to give it
back to Jack after he beats him.
This is gonna be
a total disaster!
(Melissa)
That Magician's so weak,
I don't think it could make
a rabbit disappear!
(Jack)
I wonder how that card found
its way into Yuya's deck?
But more importantly,
I wonder if he even knows
how to use it.
It increases Shinji's
life points by 400
and drops his own by 400!
It's quite a tricky play!
That was a doozy of a downer!
With that summon, Yuya Sakaki
may have just thrown away
the whole enchilada!
Oh...
♪
(Melissa)
There's no two ways
about it, folks!
When Yuya summoned
Tuning Magician,
he made himself weaker
and his opponent stronger!
This has to be
the biggest blunderoo
of his dueling career!
(Sam)
I told Yuya all about how Jack
gave me that card.
I want to be the next
Master of Faster someday.
Only problem is...
I've been a little slow
at getting cards.
But someday soon,
I'll have a deck
and I'm gonna be
good enough
to be just like you
and be a champ!
Really?
How about you
take this as a starter?
It's absolutely perfect
for you.
(Yuya)
He gave you this card?
Yeah.
It has
no attack or defense points.
It's, like,
the weakest card ever!
The one he said
was perfect for me!
A common, nothing card
for a common, nothing kid!
(Sam)
Yuya knew that card was weak,
so why did he put it
in his deck?
(crowd)
Strike the final blow, Shinji!
And the Topsiders will be next!
Thanks so much
for your help, Yuya.
When you summoned
that worthless card,
your chances of winning
went up in smoke.
You're way off base!
There's no such thing
as a worthless card!
Every card has value.
As duelists, it's our job
to use each card
to its full potential!
(Yuya)
Those aren't just words.
I'm gonna prove it's true
to Shinji
and everyone who's watching!
♪
I believe in you,
Tuning Magician!
Everyone may think adding you
to my deck was a mistake,
but I know you have
something important to offer!
♪
Extra Slinger's
Pendulum ability activates!
You lose 300 life points
for every Pendulum Monster
in my extra deck!
Extra Slinger,
sling some damage!
I won't go down without a fight,
that's a promise.
But for now,
I'm ending my turn.
I get it, Yuya.
You played Match Pump hoping
you'd draw a Pendulum Monster
so that your Performapal
Extra Slinger
would deal me more damage.
Unfortunately,
you had rotten luck
and ended up drawing
a worthless card
that made your position in
this duel worse than ever!
Now watch... as I easily take
out your pathetic monster!
Hama the Conquering Bow,
attack and destroy
his Magician!
Aah...!
Tuning Magician!
Don't forget, Hama can
attack twice in one turn!
Now finish Yuya off!
Gongato's Pendulum Ability
activates!
Since there are no monsters
on my field,
my Gongato
can beat back your attack!
Oh, yeah?
Well, I can still
deal you damage,
because when
Hama's attack fails,
it deals 300 points of damage
for each Battle Wasp
in my graveyard.
That's a 2100‐point sting
coming your way!
♪
You won't escape this time!
Hama, take aim
and end this!
Today's victory
will be the spark
that sets off
tomorrow's rebellion!
♪
Watch out, Yuya!
How did I miss him?
'Cause I was able to grab
the Action Spell Encore!
It allowed me to activate
an Action Spell
that I already had
in my graveyard.
What Action Spell
was in his graveyard?
Oh!
This! The Action Spell
Acceleration!
It revved up my Duel Runner
so that I could make tracks
and outrun your Hama's blast!
Aah! Lucky once again.
But I know that luck
doesn't last forever.
You can take it
from here, Yuya.
But not before I end my turn
with a face‐down.
♪
It's time for me
to take center stage
and steal the spotlight!
It'll never happen!
I'll block you with a trap!
Bee Formation
swarms to my defense!
Now, whenever
you summon a monster,
Hama will gain
400 attack points!
Aw, too bad!
Your turn's over
before it even began.
See, every time
you summon a monster,
I'll grow stronger!
(Melissa)
Uh‐oh!
Looks to me like Shinji
just slammed the brakes
on Yuya's chances!
I thought the boy
had some promise.
But he's nothing but a pawn...
in a game of kings.
♪
(Yuya)
It all comes down to this.
I can use Monster Reborn
to summon a monster
from any graveyard.
But is that enough
to swing things my way again?
♪
(Yuya)
What monster could I summon
that would give me
a shot at winning?
Azusa the Ghost Bow is
the strongest one available,
but it's doesn't have
enough attack points
to take down Shinji's
Hama the Conquering Bow.
Huh?
Tuning Magician?
♪
You don't have
enough attack points,
so I can't win with you...
(gasps)
Or maybe I can!
♪
Here I go!
It's all or nothing!
Since I've already set
the Pendulum Scale,
my monsters are ready
to swing into action...!
I'm bringing back
two monsters...
Silver Claw
and Timebreaker Magician!
It's hopeless!
Even with those two
monsters by your side,
you won't beat me.
All you've done
is help me out
by increasing Hama's
attack points.
Well, I have something planned
that will lead me to victory!
l use Monster Reborn
to bring back Tuning Magician!
What?!
Yuya can't be serious!
He's playing that wimp again?
Is he trying
to throw this duel?
(laughing)
(Yuya)
Summoning Tuning Magician
will take me
right to the brink!
You gain 400
life points, of course,
while I'll lose
that exact same amount!
Why would he make himself weaker
on purpose?
Another genius move!
You keep digging yourself
into deeper trouble!
Thanks to you,
Hama is becoming
stronger by the second!
My grandma could've made
a better move than that.
Oh, dear,
we could lose everything.
Tuning Magician may seem weak,
but it can tune my monsters
with the best of 'em!
Just you wait and see!
He's Synchro Summoning?
(Yuya)
Tuning Magician
tunes Silver Claw
and Timebreaker Magician!
And now we're set to take
this duel to a whole new level!
I Synchro Summon!
Welcome to the battlefield,
Enlightenment Paladin!
(Melissa)
Seems like Yuya
has a little life
in him after all!
Huh?
That's great,
but what in the world
took him so long?
Huh?
Amazing!
He just went
from loser to bruiser!
Congratulations, Yuya.
That's one
of the coolest monsters
I've seen in this tournament,
but "cool" won't cut it
against Hama!
Your Paladin's not
strong enough to stop it!
(Yuya)
You're right.
Paladin isn't
strong enough... yet!
But watch what happens when
its special ability kicks in!
Since I used Tuning Magician
to Synchro Summon,
I can snag one spell
from the graveyard
and turn back the clock!
Hold on! Hey!
What's happening?
I'm about to add the spell card
Gap Power to my hand!
Here we go!
I'm raising
Paladin's attack points
by increasing them
by half the difference
in our life points!
It's easy math and adds up
to trouble for you!
I can see the finish line,
Shinji,
and you're in my
rearview mirror!
It's more powerful
than Hama now!
I thought
Timebreaker was worthless.
I can't believe
he pulled it off!
(Sam)
I never would have thought to
use Tuning Magician that way!
Shinji, I hope you learned
that there's no such thing
as a useless card.
A true dueltainer knows
how to bring out the best
in the hand he's got.
(frustrated groan)
♪
Okay, time to swing
into action!
Paladin, take out
Hama the Conquering Bow!
♪
He's still got plenty
of fight left in him.
Enlightenment Paladin's
special ability activates!
When it destroys a monster
in battle,
you take damage equal
to your monster's attack points!
My monster's strength
is being used against me!
Shinji...
Aah...!
♪
In what's gotta be the greatest
come‐from‐behind victory
I ever saw...
Yuya crushes it!
Thank goodness
that loudmouth lost.
What a relief!
That will put an end
to this so‐called
rebellion.
(cheering and applause)
♪
Perhaps this pawn will prove
useful after all.
♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪